Harry, did you put your name in the Goblet of Fire? he asked calmly.
I didn't, said Harry, staring up at Dumbledore. I didn't put it in. I was just...
But your name's been chosen, said Dumbledore calmly. So I suggest you go with Mr. Diggory, Mr. Krum, and Miss Delacour, and tell them how you managed to get your name in there.
But I didn't put it in! Harry said, finally losing his temper. I don't want to be a champion!
You have no choice, Harry, said Dumbledore quietly.
I protest! said Madam Maxime, striding forward. I protest! He is too young! He is only a little boy!
The rules are absolute, said Mr. Crouch flatly. The Goblet of Fire constitutes a binding magical contract. Mr. Potter has no choice. He is, as of tonight, a Triwizard Champion.
But... But, Dumbledore! Madam Maxime cried.
Dumbledore looked very seriously at her. Do you want to stop the tournament, Madam Maxime?
No, she said slowly. No, but I do not understand why it happened.
The rules are absolute, Mr. Crouch repeated. The Goblet of Fire constitutes a binding magical contract.
And why should we listen to you? Snape sneered. After all, your judgment has been very poor where Harry Potter is concerned.
You have no business here, Severus, Dumbledore said sharply. Harry has been chosen, and that is all there is to it.
But I didn't put my name in, Harry said desperately. You have to believe me!
We do believe you, Hermione said quickly. But we don't know how it happened.
Exactly, said Dumbledore, looking closely at Harry. We don't know how it happened.
It's all a mistake, Harry said. It has to be.
A mistake that binds you to compete, said Dumbledore gravely.
How did you get your name in, Harry? Ron asked angrily. Did you ask an older student to do it for you?
No! said Harry. I told you, I don't know how it happened!
Hermione looked around, and Harry saw her face light up as she recognized someone. He looked around too, and felt a moment of panic when he saw Viktor Krum walking towards them.
Krum was accompanied by two older Durmstrang students, both of whom looked extremely grumpy to be dragged along on such a wet evening.
Krum was looking more surly than ever as he approached. He gave Harry a curt nod and did not smile.
"Potter," he said shortly.
"Krum," said Harry, nodding back.
"You haff been choosen too?" asked Krum, his eyes narrowing as he looked Harry up and down.
"Yeah," said Harry, "I suppose so."
"You suppose so?" Krum repeated, looking very puzzled.
Harry shrugged. "I didn't put my name in," he said. "I don't know how it happened."
Krum frowned at him. "You are a very strange boy, Potter," he said.
Harry did not answer. He felt too tired and dispirited to argue with Krum.
He turned back to Hermione and Ron. "Let's go back to the common room," he said quietly.
"We can't," Hermione said, looking worried. "Not until the feast is over."
"Feast?" Harry repeated, feeling suddenly ravenous.
"Yes," said Hermione, looking at him in surprise. "You didn't know? The champions get a special feast."
"Oh," said Harry, feeling slightly cheered. "Okay then."
They followed the rest of the students back into the Great Hall, where the tables had been moved back against the walls to make room for a long table at the front, where the champions were to sit.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined the Gryffindors at their table, which was nearest the door.
Harry looked around at the other students, who were all watching him curiously.
"What do they think is going on?" he muttered to Ron.
"They probably think you're the luckiest boy in the world," Ron said gloomily.
"Yeah," said Harry, glancing around again. "Or the unluckiest."
The feast was a blur to Harry. He could hardly taste the food, though he was sure it was delicious.
He kept glancing up at the staff table, where Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall, and the other teachers were talking in low voices.
Finally, the plates cleared, and Dumbledore stood up.
"Well, now that we have all enjoyed our meal," he said, smiling around at the students, "I must ask the champions to follow Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch to the next chamber."
"Good luck," Hermione whispered to Harry as he stood up.
"Yeah," said Ron, clapping Harry on the back. "Good luck, mate."
Harry followed Cedric, Fleur, and Krum out of the Great Hall and into a small chamber, where Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch were waiting for them.
"Congratulations," said Mr. Bagman, beaming at them. "You have been chosen to compete in the Triwizard Tournament."
"I hope you're all ready for the first task," said Mr. Crouch, looking at each of them in turn.
"What is the first task?" Cedric asked.
"We cannot tell you that," said Mr. Crouch, looking stern. "You will find out in due course."
Harry felt a surge of nerves. He had no idea what to expect.
"You will be judged on how well you perform the tasks," said Mr. Bagman. "There will be three tasks in total."
"And remember," said Mr. Crouch, "the Triwizard Tournament is not to be taken lightly. Many champions have died during these tasks."
Harry's stomach lurched. He looked at the other champions, who were all looking equally uneasy.
"But I'm sure you will all do splendidly," said Mr. Bagman cheerfully. "Now, off you go, and get some rest."
Harry followed the others back to the Great Hall, feeling a mixture of excitement and dread.
